So we saw two arrows at the end of last lecture.
If we store a recipe without ingredients and we then fetch it we get an error if we try to view the
details because no ingredients is present.
And if we close the pup over by clicking somewhere else this also grows an error.
So this is something we need to fix.
Let's start with the loading of a recipe which has no ingredients.
This is a great shop for the recipe service and I'll leave it to your creativity to come up with a solution
in a couple of seconds.
I will tell you my approach of solving this issue.
Did you find a fitting solution to kind of adjust.
Day they are getting back to make sure that we always have ingredients even if there is an empty array.
I'd do it in the map method because it is the perfect place to transform the data we're getting back
here.
First one to retrieve my recipes so recipes is an array of recipes like this and I can get it by calling
Jason on response or extracting the body which I know will be the array of recipes and I'm transferring
it into regular Javascript code.
So I got my recipes here on these recipes I need to check if there's any recipe or multiple recipes
maybe which don't have the ingredients property so I will simply loop through those recipes not order
to be able to loop through them.
I will change this here and not only assigned is to or not necessarily assign this to the array I get
back but I will first check if there's a set because maybe there are no recipes on the server.
In this case recipe Chaisson would give me undefined.
It would not be an empty array it would be undefined.
So if it is not undefined then I want to get the result I got back.
Otherwise I will set it to an empty array.
This is necessary because I now try to loop through this array.
So with this four off loop I try to loop through my recipes and again if I would not check if response
Chaisson is well something at least I would try to loop through and the find which will give me an error.
So now looping through all the recipes and for each recipe I'll simply check if this item does not have
a special property.
So with has own property a bolt in Chavis map method I can check if the ingredients property is present
and the first.
If this is not the case which is why I have this exclamation mark if this is not the case well then
I simply want to override the ingredients property and set it to an empty array.
So if that or I'm initializing the egregious property in this case I should say I'm adding it.
So if I'm just checking if it doesn't have ingredients then I'm setting it to an empty array and with
that I'm making sure that the ingredients property is always present.
Well then in the end I return these recipes.
Array.
Now with the items adjusted if necessary.
So that is the data transformation I need to add to make sure that we actually use the right data and
that we always have the ingredients property now the other issue we had is to pop over so the pop overhead.
The issue that here we try to check if action is.
But if we dismiss the pop over by clicking somewhere else we have no data at all.
So this data object here is then not existent.
It's undefined.
So therefore calling action on it will not work.
Well we can add a simple check here.
If Deda if not data to be precise which will be triggered if it is undefined so if it is null.
Well in this case I simply want to return nothing else to be done here and this should handle the case
that we did dismiss it without clicking somewhere else.
I'm also going to copy this to the shopping list.
Pop over here at the beginning to check if data is present.
And with that in place can now go back to the running application and read it let it recompile here.
Let's now check the pop over first.
This seems to work and let's now load the data.
And now this doesn't have any ingredients.
But we still can load it because we replaced the nonexisting ingredient array or property with the empty
array at least.
So if this does is working and now we get this working functionality of allowing the user to log out
then to sign up and sign in and if the user is signed in or they sign up we redirect him.
We're now able to store and fetch our data.
So this is all working as we wanted it to work.
Let's now also see if it works like that on a real device.
So we're pushing it on a real device and see if we get the same behavior there.
I'll be back with that in the next lecture